medical marijuana is already a
multibillion-dollar industry the future
is this weed pill I'm still not sure
about this look most people will tell
you Buzz Aldrin walked on the moon but
even a complete idiot will tell you Neil
Armstrong did it first
and do you know why he went first
because he pushed buzz older and the
[ __ ] out of the way
and sees history by the ballsack I'm
satisfied
look man you're in some deep water
Harold like bankruptcy dude then cash
pool no I'm saying you're poor poor
tomorrow you can apply to Mexico what we
want you to hand-deliver the weed pill
formula to the lab and I'm not supposed
to touch the minibar but I'm going to do
it you know I don't even care anymore
I'm doing it I'm having the moon
what a [ __ ] cry-baby
Harold I'm just gonna spit this out in a
jiffy
we sold a little product to the cartels
but when we cut them up they got a
little angry
I know a guy I've tracked down dictators
back to find a guy in middle management
what do they want to check the microchip
I need to keep track II can't scare me
with tales of the big bad cartels no
things work not in Mexico there's Harold
Harold bingo
you really believe in God of course I
believe in God what kind of person does
not believe in God I guess I kind of do
but not things you can just have to get
better for you trust me
I have good instincts
tonight we're taking game night up a
notch oh boy someone in this room is
going to be taken and it's gonna be up
to you to find them it's a
murder-mystery party whoever finds the
victim wins the grand prize you're not
gonna know what's real and what's fake
wait a sec you can't just come in here
and break the door guys make sure you
get a piece of this cheese okay Roger
dad you drive safe I've always enjoyed
the camaraderie of good friends
competing in games of chance and skill
to refile it seems like Ryan you could
first I'm scared
it's not a joke people are in real
danger
oh so much worse
stop wait meat I have kids at home not
with an ass like yet you don't oh thank
you oh no he died
this is instructions on how to remove a
bullets didn't have rubbing alcohol so I
got you this lovely sharp good idea way
to pivot and then a squeaky toy for the
pain good afternoon
massage as you know parole and a
privilege it's a mistake but it happened
and if I were to be released I would um
mm-hmm
I would just want the simple life I just
want to hold on a job make some friends
you know pay my bills even if this was
possible it made 20 people seven people
why do you need to do this because
that's what I'm gonna how long would it
take you to make seven pieces of jewelry
five or six hours how long if I told you
you didn't have to live with your mother
anymore it's need the money plus point
what do you need a less
which man named wall which real name
8-ball what if we could make all this go
away in pairs as well sorry okay I am
with my family I told you I'm in a
garage
finally tell you how big a job no I'm
out I take the job I'll be back before
you know can I come with you this is
mommy's very special work trip
in three and a half weeks the Met will
be hosting its annual ball and we are
going to Robins not the ball itself the
neck of Daphne Kluger valued at over a
hundred million dollars revenge it's a
twofer do not run a job in a job
user swift can't we just go to this do
we have to steal stop yes
isn't your night acre the whole family
like this
literally
I think our daughters are friends I
think it makes us friends I'm hunter
Emily says that's my Julie Mitchell
kills hero I can't believe it's prom
they're so grown up
keen how's my daughter anymore without
feeling her boobs just after that top of
it because our stepping on our kids oh
we don't understand what they're saying
so it's not Snoopy
teenage emoji eggplants are dicks all
emojis have a secret meaning so like
trees are we and this thing is your
screen so she's gonna get Rosie Kent and
then touch his dick eggplant cool drool
come out the smiley face that's good
stand down they're planning on losing
their virginity on prom night maybe
that's not our girls are not thinking
through I'm gonna stop them chime in
let's [ __ ] block those [ __ ]
this is our last big night together this
practice gonna makes not even more
important away wwvv d what would Vin
Diesel do
in terms of prices parents are no new
super humans do this what the [ __ ]
so messed up your dad try to stop you
when you wanted to lose your virginity
it's too busy high-fiving me
I'll do anything for my daughter what
about a little chugging contest bringing
that westward but Chuck
you got this dog no I'm tagging out
you're in what put a baby everything's
looser down there a baby out of my back
on the count of three I'm tripping so
hard I just had a vision
my dad was chugging beer it was [ __ ]
hello there welcome back I'm glad you
could join me today let's just dive
right in and run all the colors across
the screen that you'll need to paint
along with me I have my regular old
canvas here wet and ready to go now
let's grab our trusty two-inch brush
here whack that off a little bit just
beat it like it owes you money we're
gonna get a little damp or yellow snow
here we're gonna mix that with just
another little dab of our baby white now
well that's just dancin have a little
sky
remember this is your world you get to
make and break the rules here sweet baby
Jesus wish I could jump in there and
roll around and all that cascading white
powder yeah just get high and all of
life's splendor god I love cocaine so
much
holy [ __ ] knuckles I am high as a kite
right now okay
let's paint in a few little happy trees
there nothing wrong with making friends
with trees no what you don't want to do
is eat these paints trust me on this one
all right I'm gonna whack off from Ken
that's right that feels good
would you look at that it seems like we
have ourselves a finished painting so
from our family to yours keep your pants
dry your dreams wet and remember hugs
not drugs
seriously
cut the crap guys I'm not a rookie
anymore get these off me
it's not like we want to shave your
balls story do you want to shave his
boss me hello Foster no way you don't
want to shave his balls do you Farva
hell yeah I do
no no dammit we gotta get out there
[ __ ] who ordered these I can't feel
my tits
license and registration I'm Eva - that
pulled me over before beg pardon
oh you Mounties now or should I say meow
jeez hey hang on do you really not
remember this guy you're just [ __ ]
with him I have no idea yes you know I
heard everything you said
son of a [ __ ] we've been doing that for
years that could be a nasty sprain while
I get you some ice maybe a cup of coffee
what's in the hold of it my infidelity
formula your infidelity formula it works
10 million people are greedy and as a
fail-safe you break up after six months
of dating
statistically speaking it's not safe to
date for longer than that what if I
could offer a way to prove your theory
wrong I don't see how you'd be able to
do that all we would need to do is find
a group of people who've been in a
relationship for longer than six months
and give them an opportunity to cheat
without getting caught what are you
proposing I'm suggesting a little
competition I pick five of my friends
who've been in a relationship for longer
than six months and you pick the
Enchantress's who will be their downfall
oh that's great
chest out well what is competition
that's three out of five wins underwear
is but she wants you to go to her place
to show her how to use gym equip you
know I'm a professional didn't get your
mind out of there
you're wrong about people it's not that
simple what it is good thing this is
almost over you turn it into a regular
gangsta it's not over yet
now yawn you always have so much going
you're constantly on the road with the
band
you've got the store the record label
the radio program Yan LaVon flavored
vodka and now Yan LaVon European Tools
always expanding when I was little boy
in Poland all the times I dreaming that
America you're invest had built all my
business you cannot go wrong with this
man he never stops we went in we all get
the [ __ ]
that Java that'll learn it we did real
good managed today
oh nice and thick nice and thick my
favorite size see on the bus Ronnie
mister the one you know while I'm here
yes he's very good investment to help
build Empire oh no no no no I'm not here
to invest what you're doing is illegal
as of today you have to give all that
money back to your investors today today
are some other today how I make all this
money we want to invest more in genuine
chav gifts something's going on no
nothing on everything good you do
anything to hurt this family I will
destroy you
okay I just need fill out papers and
forms
we're pulling our money in bribes are
being alleged business
it's America we all did second chance
nice ready these two people are not
married and they're going to have
premarital sex do you want to go to
heaven or do you want to go now it is
time to honor the breasts of the women
in the room I would like you to turn to
the person next to you hi is it possible
we could do a three-way I've never done
a three-way why are you in this class
you seem so together ah yeah I really
think you should come over I would have
had sex with someone who's really nice
to me let's just go have sex in my
office no I've been dating this guy for
two years I love you as his friend and
as a sexual partner want love why do you
always call me a dirty little [ __ ] ah
just because maybe you're you're jealous
that are more successful than you why
are we sitting around talking about how
sad our lives are you're right we should
be talking about how great we are I want
there to be a lot of blood in this scene
why is the woman who enjoys sex always
have to die in horror films maybe she
could fight back think if that's
probably the worst idea I've ever met
her life so I can't do that one we talk
about pleasing men but what about
pleasing us they can I leave my laundry
here get it on Thursday you want me to
do your laundry while you date other
women you should do your laundry yeah
you are so hot like a really hot
let's make a pact to be with good guys
only guys who treat us great like we
deserve well there's this guy he asked
me all these super attractive you should
go for it
move over there's a new skank in town
having sex with me is a religious
experience I like to strip thank you
she's a good writer I want you to do my
laundry now sex in my life
boss Miran small kind of turned me huh
move so I won't have sex with you okay
no good guys only good guys guys only
jerk sex no drift sex
pull the trigger whose friends the nail
and whack it in one hit what you're
telling me is good by conventional
hammer about conventional life ran out
of gas you'll only ever get a little bit
of gas at a time
hey you noticed I'm I like to come by
and see it I like seeing you at all I
was hoping to save up to taking dinner
someplace nice I love that yeah whatever
you want by the way
this one's on me I've been thinking
about this ever since I first got gas at
your place you must be so excited
do you mean to tell me with no money
down I can buy a do you know what this
to Lerman TV show we keep seeing this
guy this guy's everywhere oh we need to
know who this man is and we need them on
this show I'm sorry about all these
cheap dates this TV stuff I'm just a
little out of it but you do the clapper
yeah but I'm gonna bounce back
what is that your head is about to
explode that's my kid you can take that
off thank you computer
somebody's making money off in an anus
actually pride you like five bucks right
now just for watching that from the
Jamie still recognize this man right
here yeah do you know the clapper
tourney those people came by tonight
asking all kinds of questions they'd a
photograph every day you're in trouble
no I'm not in trouble I like you Eddie I
really do wonder but I need my job like
I need my job how'd you get this number
and I ate here tonight we want you to be
honest I'm not comfortable do you not
television anywhere it stop harassing my
girl where's Judy
things got out of control and I didn't
know how to handle it
the clapper it's great to finally meet
you
I mean you want like a big joke out of
me go ahead I just lost the only person
that matter through this whole thing I
can't tell you how nice lists good
things could come out of this
we didn't can I do it again don't look
at me look at the camera you look at me
don't look at me I know I'm talking you
but don't look at me don't look at me
look at the camera you look at me again